README.md, before:

# FOXR's Dashboard of Projects
This task will be done using as few external libraries as possible to learn the complexities of the the base languages.  
This site will be deployed to [GitHub Pages at https://www.projects.foxr.xyz/](https://www.projects.foxr.xyz)

## Day 1
Homepage
Today, August, 31th 2022, I designed a basic homepage with links and some CSS styling elements. The homepage will be updated as the projects move forward.  

## Day 1 & 2 & 3 & 4 & 6
Pokemon Quiz App
Today, August 31th, 2022, I added the basic HTML layout for the Pokemon Quiz. Started event listeners to update the quiz card and [PokeAPI](https://pokeapi.co/) functionality.  
Today, September 1st, 2022, I refactored the quiz.js file.  
Today, September 3rd, 2022, I nearly completed quiz functionality and tracking user inputs.  
Today, September 4th, 2022, I completed the Javascript functionality of the Pokemon Quiz including tracking inputs and number correct. I completed the base styling for the pokemon quiz but plan to improve styling of the website in batches.  
Today, September 6th, 2022, I completed the responsive web design for mobile.  


## Day 6
TicTacToe
Today, September 6th, 2022, I created the TicTacToe app. There are still some bugs in the logic.  

## Day 5
Calculator  
Today, September 5th, 2022, I created the calculator app with functionality for basic math functions, styled the calculator and linked it to the homepage.  

## Day 
Alarm Clock

## Day 
File Explorer

## Day 
Snake Game

## Day 
Music Player

## Day 
Web Crawler

## Day 
URL Shortener

## Day 
Web Automation

## Day 
File Rename Tool

## Day 
Speed Typing Test
Today September 7th-10th, 2022, I added the typing test HTML, CSS and partial Javascript functionality.

## Day 
Password Generator

## Day 
Browser Window Landing Page

## Day
Wordle

Commit message:

Add javascript functionality to track WPM and CPM

README.md, after:

# FOXR's Dashboard of Projects
This task will be done using as few external libraries as possible to learn the complexities of the the base languages.  
This site will be deployed to [GitHub Pages at https://www.projects.foxr.xyz/](https://www.projects.foxr.xyz)

## Day 1
Homepage
Today, August, 31th 2022, I designed a basic homepage with links and some CSS styling elements. The homepage will be updated as the projects move forward.  

## Day 1 & 2 & 3 & 4 & 6
Pokemon Quiz App
Today, August 31th, 2022, I added the basic HTML layout for the Pokemon Quiz. Started event listeners to update the quiz card and [PokeAPI](https://pokeapi.co/) functionality.  
Today, September 1st, 2022, I refactored the quiz.js file.  
Today, September 3rd, 2022, I nearly completed quiz functionality and tracking user inputs.  
Today, September 4th, 2022, I completed the Javascript functionality of the Pokemon Quiz including tracking inputs and number correct. I completed the base styling for the pokemon quiz but plan to improve styling of the website in batches.  
Today, September 6th, 2022, I completed the responsive web design for mobile.  


## Day 6
TicTacToe
Today, September 6th, 2022, I created the TicTacToe app. There are still some bugs in the logic.  

## Day 5
Calculator  
Today, September 5th, 2022, I created the calculator app with functionality for basic math functions, styled the calculator and linked it to the homepage.  

## Day 
Alarm Clock

## Day 
File Explorer

## Day 
Snake Game

## Day 
Music Player

## Day 
Web Crawler

## Day 
URL Shortener

## Day 
Web Automation

## Day 
File Rename Tool

## Day 
Speed Typing Test
Today September 7th-10th, 2022, I added the typing test HTML, CSS and partial Javascript functionality.
Today September 11th, 2022, I created more javascript functionality to track WPM and CPM when the game ends.

## Day 
Password Generator

## Day 
Browser Window Landing Page

## Day
Wordle
